# Project Reflections

## Nathan Tate
My main role for the Arachnivania project was pixel artist. Since this was definitlely more of an artistic role, I spent a lot of my working time in photo editors rather than text editors. The first 2 sprints were a major test for me because I am not the most visually artistic person and I had to learn to use these new pixel art tools from no major experience, but I have always wanted to get into pixel art and this project was a great way to just dive in. The first task that I undertook was to define the main aesthetic and backgrounds for the game. This started with many videos from pixel artists all over the internet and hours of drawing and erasing and drawing some more. My second major task that I had was to animate the main player character. This had to be done for our first prototype as well as the actual main game files once we scrapped the prototype. This involved modifying our existing spider asset and arranging it to have out 8 frames to be played as our walking animation. My third major task was to create the main menu UI and implement that into our prototype main menu. While this was easier than learning the animation, the font work took a while to get just but I think the end result looks good and meshes well with the rest of the game. From a Agile/Scrum perspective, my team at my day job practices a Scrum methodology and so I am very familiar with the format and the benefits. I think using the Scrum method was a good choice for this project and our team, (while all of us are on different schedules), was able to adapt well and make efficient use of the Scrum process.

## Ryan Goode

My main role was the programmer for the game physics and mechanics. Most of my time was spent learning about the complexities of the Godot engine. The first few sprints was dedicated to the basic set up of Scene Trees and Nodes. Starting with the basic move mechanics of the player and the enemy. From there I learned about collision boxes and signals, that allowed for the player and enemy detect each other and react to certain signals, such as a stomp or hit. I also included code for health objects and level transition portals. From there I implemented the State Machine design. Unfortunatly this required me to refactor all of my code. This ate up alot of time without actually moving forward with the project. In fact, I was not able to refactor everything, and could only get the player character implemented with the state design. From there I implemented the debuggin panel and the hook ability. Along the way I was very active on GitHub, managing the project board and issues. I also got alot of experience in Vim writing commit messages. 

## Ryan Scott